LethL

medium

# Malicious Users May Block Rewards by Repeatedly Calling `updateRewards()` Function

## Summary
If a user repeatedly calls the `updateRewards()` function for the same account, the rewards data for that account may not be updated.

## Vulnerability Detail
For example:

Initial state:
- `TauDripFeed` contract:
`tauWithheld = 10`,
`IERC20(collateralToken).balanceOf(TauDripFeed) = 1000`.
`block.timestamp = 3400`.
`tokensLastDisbursedTimestamp = 3000`

- `BaseVault` contract:
`userDetails[Bob].debt = 20`, 
`userDetails[Bob].lastUpdatedRewardPerCollateral = 3000`.

1. Alice calls the `updateRewards()` function with Bob's address.
2. The `updateReward` modifier will call the `disburseTau()` function in the `TauDripFeed` contract.
3. Tokens are obtained to disburse since the last disbursal, with a `_timeElapsed` of 400.
4. The function will continue to the else condition, and the `_tokensToDisburse` variable will be 0 due to rounding down at line 79.
5. The `_extraRewardPerCollateral` will also be 0 since the `_tokensToDisburse` is 0.
6. The `cumulativeTauRewardPerCollateral` will not be updated.
7. At line 95, the `tokensLastDisbursedTimestamp` is set to `block.timestamp` which is 400.
8. After 10 seconds have passed, Alice calls `updateRewards()` function again and the `cumulativeTauRewardPerCollateral` will still not be updated since the `_tokensToDisburse` is still 0.
9. Furthermore, in the `updateReward` modifier, the `userDetails[_account].lastUpdatedRewardPerCollateral` will always equal to `cumulativeTauRewardPerCollateral`.
10. As a result, Alice can repeatedly call the `updateRewards()` function countless times to prevent Bob from receiving rewards.

## Impact
A malicious user can prevent another user from receiving their rewards by repeatedly calling the `updateRewards()` function.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L452
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/TauDripFeed.sol#L73-L98

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adding access control to the `updateRewards()` function can help ensure that only `Keepers` can update inactive accounts.