cducrest-brainbot

high

# Keepers can clean off debts

## Summary

The documentation for the protocol states that keepers are "trusted with vault yield but not user collateral. They generally perform upkeep on the vault such as swapping yield for Tau and running the LiquidationBot." However, they can abuse the `SwapHandler.swapForTau()` function to clean off the debt of every user of the protocol. With that, they can mint any amount of TAU they like and break the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

`swapForTau` can only be called by the keepers. It uses an input argument `_rewardProportion` to determine the portion of swapped TAU used to repay the users debt via `TauDripFeed._withholdTau()`. A value of `_rewardProportion = 1e18` means all the TAU swapped will be used to repay user debts.

However, there is no limit to the value provided by the keeper. Additionally, the accounting for reward is decorrelated to the actual balance of TAU received by the SwapHandler. As a result, the keeper can submit `_rewardProportion = 1e70` (or any arbitrary value) to use `1e52 * amount of TAU received` to repay debts, which should completely clean of all the debts in the vault.

## Impact

Keeper has the power to break the protocol (clean off all the debt). They can open a position to withdraw as many TAU as they can, clean off their debts, and start again to mint as many TAU as they want.

Keeper has more power than the documentation claim they have.

## Code Snippet

`_rewardProportion` provided by keeper in `swapForTau()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/SwapHandler.sol#L45-L52

`_withholdTau` called with `tauReturned * _rewardProportion`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/SwapHandler.sol#L91

`_withholdTau` increases tauWithheld, which is later used to repay user debts:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/TauDripFeed.sol#L106-L110

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Limit the provided value of `_rewardProportion` by `1e18`.
