LethL

high

# User cannot call the function that using `burnFrom()` for the TAU tokens

## Summary
The function that uses `burnFrom()` to burn tokens can cause problems because it requires a certain allowance. In this case, the function will revert, preventing users from executing the function and breaking the logic.

Reference: https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-03-joyn-findings/issues/80

## Vulnerability Detail
For example:

The `distributeTauRewards()` function uses `ERC20Burnable(tau).burnFrom(msg.sender, amount)` to burn tokens from the `msg.sender`. However, the use of the `burnFrom()` function can result in serious issues. 

In fact, many ERC20 tokens require that the `allowance[from][msg.sender] >= amount` in `burnFrom()` function. In this case, the call to the `distributeTauRewards()` function will revert as the `allowance[TauDripFeed][TauDripFeed] == 0`, and therefore users cannot deposit TAU to the contract. This can break the business logic.

Furthermore, the `burnFrom()` function has also been used in the `_modifyPosition()` function to repay debt and in the `liquidate()` function to liquidate an account for users and liquidators.

## Impact
The user is unable to repay their TAU debt and deposit TAU into the contract.
The liquidator cannot use the `liquidate()` function to liquidate an account.
This can potentially disrupt the business logic.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L300

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L376

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/TauDripFeed.sol#L53

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Replace `burnFrom()` function with `burn()` function since all the addresses used as parameters in `burnFrom()` function refer to `msg.sender`.