shaka

medium

# TAU `currentMinted` amount is not updated when tokens are burned from vault

## Summary
TAU `currentMinted` amount is not updated when tokens are burned from vault.

## Vulnerability Detail

`BaseVault.sol`  burns TAU tokens of users when their debt is repaid or their position is liquidated. This is done by calling `TAU.burnFrom()`. As the documentation states, this call is supposed to decrease the burner's `currentMinted` amount if the burner is a vault. However, this is not the case.

`TAU._decreaseCurrentMinted()` checks that the `currentMinted` account is equal to or larger than the amount burned, but it incorrectly uses the `currentMinted` amount for the account whose tokens are being burned (user), instead of the `currentMinted` amount for the burner (vault). Thus, `accountMinted` will be zero and the `currentMinted` amount will never decrease.

```solidity
function _decreaseCurrentMinted(address account, uint256 amount) internal virtual {
    // If the burner is a vault, subtract burnt TAU from its currentMinted.
    // This has a few highly unimportant edge cases which can generally be rectified by increasing the relevant vault's mintLimit.
    uint256 accountMinted = currentMinted[account]; // 👈 should be currentMinted[msg.sender]
    if (accountMinted >= amount) {
        currentMinted[msg.sender] = accountMinted - amount;
    }
}
```

## Impact

Burning TAU via debt repayments or liquidations will not have the effect of reducing the `currentMinted` amount of vaults. Governance will be forced to permanently adjust the mint limit for each vault or give it a very high value to compensate for the lack of automatic readjustment, invalidating in practice the utility of this safety feature.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/TAU.sol#L60-L83

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```diff
-- uint256 accountMinted = currentMinted[account];
++ uint256 accountMinted = currentMinted[msg.sender];
```