mstpr-brainbot

high

# Mislogic on TAU contracts

## Summary
TAU contracts `currentMinted` mapping is not achieving the correct behaviour it should
## Vulnerability Detail
When liquidator bot liquidates the position by an external call, TAU will be used on liquidator bots internal balance. So enough TAU needs to be there inside the liquidaton bot contract. However, when vault liquidates, it does this https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L376

Now let’s examine the `burnFrom` function in the TAU contract. burnFrom will call the internal function `_decreaseCurrentMinted` with inputs as : address account = liquidator bot contract,  amount = repaid debt

inside the `_decreaseCurrentMinted` function we see that `accountMinted` is checking the `currentMinted[account]` which is the current minted TAU to liquidator bot contract and can only be increment via mint(). Then inside the if check it does this: `currentMinted[msg.sender] = accountMinted - amoun` t  here `msg.sender` is the vault itself and `accountMinted` is the total TAU minted via mint() function to liquidator bot. Accounting here is completely wrong since we are updating the `currentMinted` TAU balance of the vault with the liquidators balance. Also, if the liquidator bots `currentMinted` is 0 or below the “amount” this function will always revert so that liquidations will not be possible although the liquidator bot contract has sufficient TAU.


Another thing is that, airdropping TAU tokens to liquidator bot contract can’t solve this. `currentMinted` is only increased for the `msg.sender` of the mint() function which means liquidator bot needs to call the mint() function itself. Since there are no ways of liquidator bot to call mint() in TAU contract, `_decreaseCurrentMinted` function is completely missing the `currentMinted` accounting since every time it goes here https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/TAU.sol#L80
0 >= Some amount, it always returns false and not updates the `currentMinted` variable for the vault as intended.

That also means, if some time in future Taurus decides to make the liquidations public, liquidators must receive the TAU via mint() function.
   That also means, when users repay their debt, vaults `currentMinted` variable is not decrementing aswell. 
## Impact

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
