GimelSec

medium

# `getMaxLiquidation()` will get stale `maxRepay`.

## Summary

`getMaxLiquidation()` will get stale `maxRepay`. Liquidated transactions are easy to revert and waste gas.

## Vulnerability Detail

Estimating a maximum liquidation amount is not easy. Keepers can first call `getMaxLiquidation()` off-chain to get the maximum liquidation amount, but this amount is inaccurate because `getMaxLiquidation()` doesn't update rewards first. Users may change from unhealthy to healthy or reduce debt after updating rewards.

Although `LiquidationBot` has multiplied `percOffset` (1%) to prevent this problem, it still does not effectively calculate the real liquidation amount. When keepers liquidate others, the transaction is easy to revert and waste gas. Especially if keepers batch call `liquidate()`, it will cause all liquidation to fail due to inaccurate liquidation amounts of an account.

## Impact

Liquidated transactions are easy to revert and waste gas. Especially if keepers batch call `liquidate()`, it will cause all liquidation to fail due to inaccurate liquidation amounts of an account.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L134

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use a view function to calculate `cumulativeTauRewardPerCollateral` and user debts before calling `getMaxLiquidation()`.

```diff
+   function simulateUpdateReward(address _account, uint256 delta) public view returns (UserDetails) {
+       // Like `modifier updateReward` but it's view function.
+       // It would be better if we could set a delta timestamp.
+   }

    function getMaxLiquidation(address _account) external view returns (uint256 maxRepay) {
        (uint256 price, uint8 decimals) = _getCollPrice();
+       UserDetails memory accDetails = simulateUpdateReward(_account, 300);  // It would be better if we could simulate updating rewards that happens after 300 seconds
        uint256 _collRatio = TauMath._computeCR(accDetails.collateral, accDetails.debt, price, decimals);
        ...
    }
```
