J4de

high

# [High] `registerTrustedNode` should be controlled by `Governance` identity instead of `owner`

## Summary

```solidity
    // CustomPriceOracle.sol line 39
    function registerTrustedNode(address _node) external checkNonZeroAddress(_node) onlyOwner {
        trustedNodes[_node] = true;
        emit NodeRegistered(address(this), _node);
    }

    function unregisterTrustedNode(address _node) external checkNonZeroAddress(_node) onlyOwner {
        trustedNodes[_node] = false;
        emit NodeUnRegistered(address(this), _node);
    }
```

This is the function of setting up a trusted price oracle node and can only be called by the owner.

Controlling the price of collatter can affect the security of the user's vault, such as mint TAU at an ultra-low price or reducing the account health and causing it to be liquidated.

This is the official role level:

>1. Governance. Entirely trusted. This role will be initially granted to the multisig.
>2. Multisig. Trusted with essentially everything but user collateral. Among other things, this role can:
>
>  - Set protocol fees, up to 40%. This determines the amount of yield earned by user collateral which will be used to pay off user loans vs. redirected into the protocol itself.
>  - Direct protocol fees. Fees may be used to incentivize liquidity provision, claimed directly by the multisig, or otherwise used however the multisig decides.
>  - Pause vaults. Users can exit paused vaults, but otherwise no significant action should be possible on them.
>
>3. Keepers. These are trusted with vault yield but not user collateral. They generally perform upkeep on the vault such as swapping yield for Tau and running the LiquidationBot.
>4. Liquidators. These are simply trusted to liquidate accounts. It is intended that this role will eventually be deprecated and any account allowed to liquidate.

According to the officially defined role level, the `registerTrustedNode` should only be called by `Governance` instead of `owner`.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact

Controlling the price of collatter can affect the security of the user's vault, such as mint TAU at an ultra-low price or reducing the account health and causing it to be liquidated.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Oracle/CustomPriceOracle/CustomPriceOracle.sol#L39

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Restrict the `registerTrustedNode` function to only be called by `Governance`.