cducrest-brainbot

high

# Dust loan attack

## Summary

There is no lower limit to the amount of collateral / debt a user can position themselves with. A user can open multiple positions in parallel that are small enough that even when under water they are not worth to liquidate due to gas costs.

They can profit from the borrowed TAU and wait until their debts are repaid by rewards, even when their positions are liquidatable.

## Vulnerability Detail

User opens a position with debt of x, and collateral ratio 1.2. Price of collateral drops, so the collateral ratio drops below 1.2 and the position is liquidatable. Liquidator receives at most a discount of `MAX_LIQ_DISCOUNT = 20%`. That is, the profit of the liquidator is capped at 20% of the value of the collateral after its price dropped i.e. `0.2 * 1.2 * x`.

If the profit of the liquidator is lower than the gas costs of liquidating, external liquidators as well as the LiquidationBot are disincentivized from liquidating and rational participants will not liquidate.

The user that opened the position profits from the withdrawn TAU as well as its collateral he can withdraw once the debt is paid off through rewards. As a result the user has no loss and gains `x`.

We can estimate the gas costs of opening and closing the position to be twice the gas costs of liquidating. The dust loan attack is successful if `costLiquidation > 0.2 * 1.2 * x` and `x > costOpenClosePosition (~=costLiquidation)`. The attacker can pick a value of `x ~= costLiquidation / 0.24` and be profitable.

## Impact

Attacker can open a large amount of position with very little collateral / debt and not be afraid of being liquidatable. If liquidators or the LiquidationBot decide to liquidate the position anyway, they will do it at a loss and over time the liquidator will be drained of their funds.

## Code Snippet

No min amount of debt / collateral in modifiyPosition:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L276-L328

Capped discount value for liquidation:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-taurus/blob/main/taurus-contracts/contracts/Vault/BaseVault.sol#L439-L444

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Prevent users from opening position with dangerously small amounts.